Abstract;-


Function-as-a-carrier (faas) and serverless programs have proliferated significantly in latest years due to their excessive scalability, ease of resource control, and pay-as-you-cross pricing version. but, cloud users are facing practical troubles once they shift their applications to serverless sample, which can be the lack of analytical overall performance and billing model and change-off between confined price range and service level agreement (sla) assured overall performance of serverless packages. inThis paper, we fill this gap with the aid of presenting and answering  research questions concerning the prediction and optimization of overall performance and price of a serverless programs. we advocate the definition of the serverless workflow, and implement analytical fashions to are expecting the common give up-to-quit response time and cost of the application, giving realistic solutions to the modern-day unpredictable overall performance and cost problems for serverless programs. we propose a heuristic algorithm named probability refined critical path greedy algorithm  (PRCP) with 4 greedy strategies to reply two types of optimization questions regarding performance and price. we experiment proposed models with 5 serverless applications deployed on aws. our results show that the performance and cost models can expect the overall performance and cost of serverless programs with greater than 97.5% of accuracy. PRCP can give the optimized memory configurations of features in serverless packages with over97% of accuracy.
